
Program Description:

Program 1: PalindromeChecker

    This program is designed to process the infomation that entered by
 user and determine whether it is palindrome. "A palindrome is a word,
 phrase, number, or other sequence of characters which reads the same
 backward or forward. Allowances may be made for adjustments to capital 
 letters, punctuation, and word dividers." 
 (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palindrome) 
 We have two different methods to decide whether it is palindrome.
    So basically, users are alllowed to enter anything they want to check
 whether it is palindrome, include symbols, numbers, punctuations, letters
 for both upper case and lower case. Program will eliminate everything else
 except letters and number. In this case, program will only consider 
 numbers and letters and it is not case sensitive. For example, if user 
 enter a character "a" and hit enter, it will output:
 "Testing 3-Arg isPalindrome: a is a palindrome.
  Testing 1-Arg isPalindrome: a is a palindrome."
 If user enter "77778" and hit enter, it will output:
 "Testing 3-Arg isPalindrome: 77778 is not a palindrome.
  Testing 1-Arg isPalindrome: 77778 is not a palindrome."
 If user enter "RaceCar", and hit enter, it will output:
 "Testing 3-Arg isPalindrome: RaceCar is a palindrome.
  Testing 1-Arg isPalindrome: RaceCar is a palindrome."
 If user enter "mother", and hit enter, it will output:
 "Testing 3-Arg isPalindrome: mother is not a palindrome.
  Testing 1-Arg isPalindrome: mother is not a palindrome."
 If user enter "88mom88", and hit enter, it will outpu:
 "Testing 3-Arg isPalindrome: 88mom88 is a palindrome.
  Testing 1-Arg isPalindrome: 88mom88 is a palindrome."
 If user enter "@#$%@#$%" and hit enter, it will output:
 "Testing 3-Arg isPalindrome: @#$%@#$% is a palindrome.
  Testing 1-Arg isPalindrome: @#$%@#$% is a palindrome." The reason why
  this is considered as a palindrome because there is no letter or number,
  its all symbols, so this is considered as a palindrome. Similarily,
  if user didnt enter anything and just hid enter, this will also
  consider as a palindrome. Also, if user just enter a space/spaces, this 
  will be considered as palindrome also. However, if user enter symbol and
  letters/numbers together it will only consider letters/number or letters
  and numbers. For instance, if user enter "@#$%a6a@#$%", it will output:
  "Testing 3-Arg isPalindrome: @#$%a6a@#$% is a palindrome.
   Testing 1-Arg isPalindrome: @#$%a6a@#$% is a palindrome."
  To stop the program user just simply press control and D.

Program 2: Spin100

    This is a game design for two players. The goal of this game is to get
score as close to 100 as possible without going over 100. There are four
buttons and two wheels with number images on canvas. Player can click on
spin button to spin wheel and get scores. Player 2 can't spin until either
player 1's score is over 100 or player1 click on the "Finish player1 button"
. After player 1 finished spin, player 2 can go ahead to spin wheel. It
will output winner message after player 2 click on "Finish player2" or
player2's score over 100. If both player's score over 100, that will be a 
tie. If player 1's score over 100 and player 2's score less than 100, then
player 2 win. If player 1's score less than 100 and player 2's score over
100, then player 1 win. If both player's scores are less than 100 and 
player 1's score greater than player 2's score, then player 1 win. If
both player's scores are less than 100 and player 2's score greater than
player 1's score, then player 2 win. If both player's socre are less than
100, and both score are equal then this will be a tie. If player 1's score
over 100 or player 1 has clicked on finish button then both "Click to spin
P1" and "Finish Player1" button are disabled. If player 2's score over 100
or player 2 has clicked on finish button then all buttons are disabled
except restart button. At this time, it will print out winner message.
This will result in game over, but players can click on restart button to
restart game. If user click on restart button, eveything will be initialize
to begining. All buttons are enabled, then players can play with it again.



    In command mode, press v, now select the block with arrow keys.
    Press the number (e.g. 1 or 2) how many tabs you wanted
    Press, > or < key(by using shift key
    It will actually indent the whole block to number of tabs.
 (https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20110309163325AA751OF)


   type  o  will open a new line below and insert
   
 capture(redirect) the program's output into a file named "output"?

   >output

